Organ transplantation is a medical procedure in which an organ is removed from one body and placed in the body of a recipient, to replace a damaged or missing organ. Organ Donation and Procurement Organizations play an important role in today’s medical institutions. Such organizations are responsible for the evaluation and procurement of organs for organ transplantation. These organizations have direct contact with the hospital and the family of a recently deceased donor. The work of such organizations includes identifying the best candidates for the available organs and to coordinate with the medical institutions to decide on each organ recipient.
The organ donation system is developed mainly for general hospitals, clinics and other health canters to manage the donor and patient registration and user maintenance. The public can retrieve information about organ donation in this web site. People who interested can register themselves through this system. The application will be processed by the administrator and each donor will receive feedback about their application status. Furthermore, the authorized user’s account will be maintained by the administrator. The donor record will be managed by four main users such as administrator, doctor, medical assistant and management staff. Only administrator has the authority and privileges to print organ list report and total donation report according to district from this system. The methodology of this system is Structured System Analysis and Design .An analysis study has been done based on the current manual system and all the problems statements and requirements have been identified. Moreover, Organ donation system is three tier architecture system which involves client tier, business tier and database management tier. The interfaces for organ donation system have been designed according to the requirement and needs of the current market Rather than that, this system also has been tested and evaluated in real life. This organ donation system will help to improve

